

# Previous tasks

-   [ ] Understand differences to the k-level reasoning paper
    
    Some progress, will review the paper in more detail for the MARL team presentation.

-   [ ] Draw diagram of our LLM approach, e.g. draw.io
-   [X] Hyper parameters for melting pot and training time
    
    Steps so far:
    
    1.  Configure the same environment as in Eugene's repo - this is an easier environment because cleaning waste in the river is easier.
    2.  Run this environment to test the speed.
    3.  Create a single player version of this environment to tune hyper parameters. With good parameters, an agent can achieve a good policy in 30 minutes with 32 CPU and 1 GPU.
    4.  Create a version of this environment with 4 random agents and 1 reinforcement learning agent: I am currently testing for good hyper parameters in this environment. It looks like the agent can learn a good policy in about an hour. However, this policy exploits the behaviour of the random agents: that they will do some cleaning, so the agent does not clean itself. I think I will omit this step.
    
    The next steps will be to train 5 reinforcement learning agents in the environment, starting from the policy found in step 3, and see if they learn good policies.

-   [X] Plan/list/table of melting pot runs that I want to run
    1.  Curriculum learning :: A single agent trains in the environment.
    2.  Baseline :: Team-reward agents train in the environment, starting from the policy in step 1.
    3.  Pre-training :: Selfish agents train in the environment, starting from the policy in step 1.
    4.  Training :: Reward transfer is added, and we continue to increase the amount until the social welfare improves, starting from the policies in step 3.

-   [ ] Prepare Oxford summer school course. Google colab and possibly slides. 1.5 hours long. Plus keywords/bio on the shared google doc.
    
    WIP. [Here is one of the two notebooks I'll do](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ZNhiLoYyn29DYtdyWe4Hccg5Ro-iwnyd)


# Meeting notes

1 reviewer back from JAAMAS (out of 2)

Discuss the 2 page cover letter


# Future tasks

-   [ ] Understand differences to the k-level reasoning paper
-   [ ] Draw diagram of our LLM approach, e.g. draw.io

