

# Previous tasks

-   [X] Send Yali expenses
-   [X] Pick a target ML conference - AAAI, ICLR, NeurIPS, ICML as well as AAMAS and make a plan for it
    **Conferences:**
    
    -   **NeurIPS 2024:** May 15 deadline
    -   **AAAI 2025:** Likely early August deadline
    -   **ICLR 2025:** Likely mid September deadline
    -   **AAMAS 2025:** Likely start of October deadline
    -   **IJCAI 2025:** Likely mid-January deadline
    -   **IMCL 2025:** Likely start of February deadline
    
    **Plans:**
    
    1.  LLM strategic reasoning
        Targeting AAAI conference paper and IMCL/IJCAI conference paper if rejected. Therefore I need to finish the experiments around the end of July to have time to write the paper.
    2.  Self-interest level
        Targeting an AAMAS conference paper, with a fall-back to a workshop paper if rejected.
-   [X] Look into Melting pot paper to see how many timesteps they used.
    "Each agent was trained for 1bn steps". However, they i used A3C, which is faster but less sample efficient, and ii I have configured a clean up version that is the same as the inequity paper. This environment should be simpler to train on. The inequity aversion paper trained for 40m timesteps, again with A3C.
    For reference, I am managing about 4m timesteps per hour with PPO.
-   [ ] Understand differences to the k-level reasoning paper
    I have begun this, but it is still WIP
-   [ ] Draw diagram of our LLM approach, e.g. draw.io
    Not started


# Meeting notes

Do I nudge about my JAAMAS paper? "Final decision notification: April 1, 2024"


# Future tasks

-   [ ] Understand differences to the k-level reasoning paper
-   [ ] Draw diagram of our LLM approach, e.g. draw.io

